Added documentation for building documentation for k8ssandra.io (#882)
k8ssandra/k8ssandra-operator: docs/README.md

# K8ssandra.io - Website & Documentation Repository

This project is built with the [Hugo](https://gohugo.io/) static site generator and the [Docsy](https://github.com/google/docsy) theme.

The documentation produced from this repository can be viewed at:

Development Version --  https://docs-staging.k8ssandra.io

Production Version -- https://docs.k8ssandra.io

## Dependencies

This project requires Node.js and NPM to be installed locally.  All other dependencies are provided via NPM.

The latest version of Node/NPM should work, the current automation uses Node 14.

You can install Node in a myriad of ways, check [here](https://nodejs.org/en/) for more information.

> Hugo installation please follow the steps on this site.
> [Hugo_Install](https://gohugo.io/installation/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hugo must be installed on the local machine to build the website. Please follow the installation steps from [the Hugo documentation](https://gohugo.io/installation/)
```

# K8ssandra.io - Website & Documentation Repository

This project is built with the [Hugo](https://gohugo.io/) static site generator and the [Docsy](https://github.com/google/docsy) theme.

The documentation produced from this repository can be viewed at:

> Development Version -- https://docs.k8ssandra-dev.io

Reviewer: I'm not sure how we can access this 🤔 I'm getting an "Access Denied" error message.
Maybe we should just mention https://docs-staging.k8ssandra.io` instead?

I mean, our workflow will really be to start hugo locally for dev purposes, and then once a PR is merged it's the staging website which will be updated.

I'm not sure how that `k8ssandra-dev.io` website fits into that workflow.

Author: I will update this.

Author: done

Production Version -- https://docs.k8ssandra.io

## Dependencies

This project requires Node.js and NPM to be installed locally.  All other dependencies are provided via NPM.

The latest version of Node/NPM should work, the current automation uses Node 14.

You can install Node in a myriad of ways, check [here](https://nodejs.org/en/) for more information.

## Development

Docsy is added as hugo module. No external installations are required for docsy.
### Install dependencies

From the `/docs` directory, run

```
npm install
```

This command will install the project dependencies, such as hugo-extended.

### Scripts

There are a number of utility scripts provided in package.json that can be executed for various purposes:

#### Start the Hugo server for local development

```
npm run start
```

This provides a live-refresh server that will automatically load any changes made in the source code.  

The local server will be available at http://localhost:1313/.

#### Use Hugo to build the site

```
npm run build:dev
```

or

```
npm run build:prod

> ```

Reviewer: In which cases should we use one or the other?

Author: In the previous documentation environments are set for hugo in package.json. I am not sure if these would be used in future. Just kept in case. its not mandatory steps.

Author: removed these

#### Cleanup the build artifacts previously produced

```
npm run clean
```

#### Deploy to docs.k8ssandra-dev.io

**This requires local gcloud authentication and permissions**

```
npm run deploy:dev
```

This will replace all content currently hosted at docs.k8ssandra-dev.io -- use with caution.

> #### Claering cache in case of error

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Clearing cache in case of error
```

Sometimes you will see errors while building sites. For example: ``template for shortcode "alert" not found``

This can be easily fixed by removing cache using.

```

> hugo mod clean

Reviewer: So this assumes hugo is installed. Is it installed by npm install or should hugo be installed separately?

Author: at the top its mentioned this project uses hugo static site generator and docsy theme, 
for mac its easy brew install hugo. I can add link to hugo installations page.
Moreover we are doing npm install which contains hugo dev dependency.

Reviewer: sure, but in the dependencies part, it only talks about installing nodejs and npm. We just need a mention that hugo should be installed as well, with a link to Hugo's install page (no need to provide macos specific install commands).

Author: done
